all the stem fields in general are good fields into which you should sooner
going they are all honorable professions they're all very well
paid they're all fairly stable in employment and they're all almost
all of them then involved very good working condition so all the stem
fields are good ones to go into picking the best one has to be an
individual choice most of them have a pretty good future in terms of
people need they're gonna we need more and more people in stem because
stem does require some ability in math and science than a lot of
people don't have and can't choir but within those fields you have
to decide theoretical physicist made love what he's doing but a person
who's a natural born I'm Peter programmer might not like at work
at all and vice versa